(sword breaking)
- [Ryu] Get outta there!
- Okay, let's see how
it handles this!
Hope this works.
- No, don't!
- Fire bolt!
(explosions)
What, what was that?
Not good.
Got a counter.
(Celtic music playing)
(groaning)
- Run away!
(dramatic music playing)
(dramatic music continues)
- [Ryu] (screaming) Bell!
(Opening Song)
- Please no.
(somber music playing)
- He's alive.
This scarf must have
protected him.
Just barely.
He can still be healed.
The song of a now far
away forest.
The comforting melody of life.
Noah, heal.
- How is that damn twerp
still alive?
Why won't you freaking die?
(screaming)
(death grunt)
(blood splattering)
- Please, help me.
- Screw you.
- Damn it.
- Hey, hey, don't
just stand there.
Hit it with everything
you've got.
Start casting your spells.
- It's so strong.
Too strong.
I knew it.
Fighting against this
monstrosity
head on is impossible.
It was the same back then,
when all of my friends died.
Don't think about it.
- Now. This is our only chance.
Time to take this thing out.
- No, you can't do that.
I said nooooooooooo!
- Son of a bitch.
(sizzling flesh)
- No, please no.
No, No!
- Get up.
Run for it right now.
- Gale Wind, it was you.
You really were at the
black Goliath battle.
- Just run, do it now.
(screaming)
I failed.
I couldn't put a stop
to that bastard Jura.
And this is it,
where I meet my end.
I'm sorry Syr, Mia, everyone.
You gave me a place
to call home,
but I was never able
to repay you.
At least I can be with
Alise and the others now.
At long last, I'll be free
from the sin of killing them.
(soft music playing)
- [Marie] Bell! Bell!
(soft music continues)
Bell.
Hey Bell.
I'm here.
Please hang on.
Come on Bell, don't die.
Please, wake up.
Come on.
(gasps)
- Marie?
- Oh Bell.
- My arm is okay.
Thank you Marie.
I'm off to fight.
- Remember your promise.
You better not lose.
- [Bell] Ryu!
- Is that you, Bell?
(intense music playing)
- He's using the scarf
this like it's a shield.
- It doesn't have a magic stone.
- I think I see it.
Bell's trying to take it down
in close quarters combat.
- Now bring it on.
- Thanks to Welf and Cassandra,
I can block with
this Goliath scarf,
and then, with the goddess's
knife in my other hand,
I can go on the offensive.
I can take it down.
(shattering sounds)
I've stopped it
from jumping around
but it still moves so fast.
(screeching)
- Be safe.
- I need to keep it
in this area,
otherwise it will definitely
go after Lili
and all the others.
And I have to stop it
from doing that.
I will defeat it here.
- It's amazing.
I can't believe how strong
you've gotten.
- It backed away.
I know that he would
never back off in a fight
and she would keep swinging
her sword until the very end.
I must do the same.
- No, you can't do it.
Don't try it.
- Fire bolt!
(intense music playing)
Argo Vesta!
(panting)
- I didn't let it
charge enough, crap.
I need to beat it here and now.
(eerie music playing)
(laughing)
- Oh hell yeah.
I thought this loser
was dead meat.
I'm surprised he somehow
managed to knock this freak
on its ass.
- Jura.
- [Jura] But it works
out perfectly
because now it belongs to me.
(whip)
Your turn! Go my ultimate flav,
tear the two of them apart.
Go!
(laughing)
Do it! Butcher them.
Grab them with your classic.
- That's still focused on me.
- The Lambton. It's still alive.
- [Bell] No. Did it somehow
hear the command from Jura?
- Ryu!
- Stay away, just leave me.
(rocks crumbling)
- Oh no.
Bell!
- [Lili] Lady
Cassandra, let me go.
- [Cassandra] No,
Lili, you have to stay.
Do not go to the 27th floor.
- [Daphne] Cassandra,
we don't have time for
this right now.
- I cannot let any of
them go down there.
No matter what happens.
As long as we stay here on the
25th floor
then we should be able
to avoid the disaster.
(rocks crumbling)
- What's happening?
- It's coming from below.
(rumbling)
- Uh oh. This rumbling,
it's a floor boss.
- You have got to be kidding me.
What's going on?
- That's not possible.
I made certain of it.
We should have two weeks
until it's spawns again.
- We're going to have to throw
common sense out the window
at this point.
- What?
- Think about that huge
explosion earlier.
Plus those strange noises
that sounded like screams.
Wise up, this is not the same
dungeon we're used to anymore.
- So even though it
shouldn't spawn anytime soon,
you're saying it's
possible the monster rex
of this floor could
just show up?
(rocks tumbling)
- Let's go.
- What's going on?
- Get going. Everybody
make a break for it.
- It's climbing up here.
- Hightail it you guys.
(water gushing)
- Hurry up Cassandra.
(explosions)
(coughing)
(intense music playing)
(roaring)
- That is the monster Rex,
of the twenty seventh floor.
- It is Amphisbaena.
- No, it wasn't over yet.
- Take heed, this is it.
A banquet of tragedy.
(rocks tumbling)
- Ryu. Ryu.
Come on.
Please, you have to wake up.
Ryu.
(eerie sounds)
What is that?
I've never heard a growl like
this before.
And, why is it so dark?
The Lambton can travel
between different floors.
So then did it take us
somewhere else in the dungeon?
If that's true,
then this must be.
- Here's a fun fact.
Between some floors, the color
of the terrain and the
walls is very different.
Like down on the 37th floor,
everything is milky white.
That's how it got its nickname.
You've heard of the
White Palace.
It's a scary place where
even first class
adventurers run the risk
of dying from something.
But I wouldn't worry about that.
You won't be there anytime soon.
- Oh my Gods,
this is it,
the White Palace.
And that means, I'm
deeper than ever before.